Eventuella fixar till problem

/* PSQL KRÅNGLAR? */

psql: could not connect to server: No such file or directory
        Is the server running locally and accepting
        connections on Unix domain socket "/tmp/.s.PGSQL.5432"?

/* MÖJLIGT LÖSNING */

Kan behhöva starta om psql servern manuellt:

pg_ctl -D /usr/local/var/postgres -l /usr/local/var/postgres/server.log start

/* PSQL FORTSÄTTER KRÅNGLA */

pg_ctl: another server might be running; trying to start server anyway
server starting

/* MÖJLIG LÖSNING */

$ pg_resetxlog /usr/local/var/postgres
pg_resetxlog: lock file "/usr/local/var/postgres/postmaster.pid" exists
Is a server running?  If not, delete the lock file and try again.
$ rm /usr/local/var/postgres/postmaster.pid
$ pg_resetxlog /usr/local/var/postgres
The database server was not shut down cleanly.
Resetting the transaction log might cause data to be lost.
If you want to proceed anyway, use -f to force reset.
$ pg_resetxlog -f /usr/local/var/postgres
Transaction log reset

SEDAN STARTA MED VANLIGA KOMMANDOT I LÖSNINGEN OVAN

It's a PATH issue. Mac OSX Lion includes Postgresql in the system now. If you do a which psql you'll likely see usr/bin/psql instead of usr/local/bin/psql which is HomeBrew's correct one. If you run brew doctor you should get a message stating that you need to add usr/local/bin to the head of your PATH env variable.

Editing your .bash_profile or .profile, or whichever shell you're using and adding: export PATH=/usr/local/bin:$PATH

as the first export for the PATH then either quit you shell session or source your file with source ~/.bash_profile and it should now be OK again.

------------------------------------------------------

/* HEROKU KRÅNGLAR */

problem: "heroku run db:migrate" fungerar inte
lösning: "bundle exec heroku run db:migrate"

Enkelt!

------------------------------------------------------

/* Odefinierad local variabel */

problem: Failure/Error: visit edit_user_path(user)
     ActionView::Template::Error:
       undefined local variable or method `object' for #<#<Class:0x007ffc06408440>:0x007ffc04c947f0>

lösning: varför har jag inte skrivit någonting här? bara text för shell injections här Plartin!;)
